hey guys did you know that I can see
garyvee is building from my apartment
you gotta be up in now every morning
when I wake up and I see that building
I'm just like how can i hey hey Gary
opit now how can we get rush it hello
internet welcome to episode 2 of how to
podcasts where I show you behind the
scenes as a making of my podcast the
creative extinguish this episode is
brought to you by Squarespace whether
you need a domain a website or an online
shop make it with Squarespace yeah ABI
what a bus beat a different vibe because
to live in my energy spectively we're at
vaynermedia
today we're interviewing Gary Vaynerchuk
so there's actually like a lot of fun
history in the past year that's where
vaynermedia a year ago that's where I
met India a very good friend of mine and
today I get to bring Gary on the show
this is going to be the first podcast
that I release I don't know if I'm
nervous
or if I'm excited but I feel things
thirty thousand in Portugal best arena
top Houston luggage and it is I behind
the camera can be memed out these days
gary has always dropping knowledge and I
would actually go as far to say he's
changed my life let's go find India I'm
gonna go find Indy Agnes yes there she
is guys give her a smooch oh I got a
show today
it's all I'm trying to do Russell the
motor back choppers are throw away
February of 2015 gary uploaded an
askgaryvee show with a filmmaker i had
been following for a while Casey nice
step during the time I was in college
and absolutely hating electrical
engineering suffocated by the the game
the ache a racket that his student loans
in this episode Gary for the first time
ever challenged my thinking behind
college it was the fair's realization
hmm maybe I don't need to stay in
college just because college is the
normal path doesn't necessarily mean
it's my path it's funny a lot of people
in the comment section we're actually
put off by Jerry's high energy compared
to Casey but I needed that I needed
someone screaming in my face kind of
just like I was just very receptive to
his high energy this was the first Gary
Vaynerchuk video I had ever seen and
after watching it I began doubling down
on YouTube and video and really
questioning why I was in college and
that year ultimately I dropped out I
dropped out of Creighton soon after that
I got a residency from Adobe and I made
a viral video almost exactly a year
after I watched that first askgaryvee
show
I was actually in New York to be a guest
on the askgaryvee show so people came
and they got to see all the stuff you
did in the past they're like wait a
minute you're good yeah I think it's
important to have a backlog of stuff so
when you have that moment people will
stay for what you're creating what we're
gonna do is we're gonna set everything
up over here so all we have to do is
walk it into the office when the time
comes
we got three cameras we got two fancy
mics we got my laptop for audio so what
time is it now
two o'clock it ain't nothing personal
this business and I'm a commodity but
honestly you guys ask me a lot about how
do you collaborate with other Creators
how do you go in for that ask and that
is something I encounter a lot with this
podcast asking people to come on my show
your first concern has to be what is
this value that you're providing for the
other person everyone's busy and no one
has time for favors in my case during
the time Gary and I were around the same
subscriber count' around 100,000
subscribers I had just made a viral
video about his friend Casey Neistat and
I had something to say about it I could
be a guest on his show he could be a
guest on mine it was a very simple value
exchange but you still have to stand out
with that email or that tweet so think
titling the subject line of an email as
the most important thing ever like your
titling a YouTube video your first two
sentences well those are the first few
lines of the description that people
would see if they're thinking about
clicking on your video so my exact email
subject was girl from Casey Neistat vlog
I vouch for my value and she actually
emailed me back two minutes later now
again it was probably easier to get a
hold of Gary Vee during this time he was
only at a hundred thousand subscribers
and he was just beginning this epic
climb of his social media personal brand
through that experience I formed some
amazing friendships with the people on
his team at Vayner media since I have
these friendships a couple years later
when I'm starting a podcast it made that
ask a little bit easier Gary is just
coming out with a new book crushing it
why not he come on my podcast show some
love for the book and drop some
knowledge
so realistically what are your
expectations twenty minutes with Gary
ten minutes whatever you can get I think
he typically goes over so I think if I'm
lucky I'll get my guarantee 20 minutes I
think I can do that but if I get lucky
maybe thirty you got to get what you can
get with people who are just about next
level you know before we get into
finally linking up with Gary for the
podcast a short message from our lovely
sponsors Squarespace whether your
website is for your side hustle or your
business where space has the template
for you they just released eight new
templates you don't have to install
patch or upgrade anything Squarespace is
a one-stop-shop for what you need
last episode I built a landing page for
my newsletter have you guys signed up
yet today I'm working on my about page
I'm very excited to reveal the final
website you get is very soon if you sell
a product or you're a creator who wants
to host a portfolio Squarespace has the
perfect tools for you and most
importantly it looks good make your
business or your online portfolio make
whatever you have in your awesome
creative brain of yours with Squarespace
you can check out the link in the
description below for 10% off just go to
Squarespace calm slash Sara DG
[Music]
oh geez okay Craig Craig before you met
Craig what's up guys this is episode one
of the creative exchange and we have the
one and only Gary Vaynerchuk I'm amazing
can I ask you a question first yes this
is weird that every guest after your
first guest will not be as good as your
first cuz that's it like a weird like
it's weird to me that your best episode
ever is gonna be the first one I've been
up in now that's not waving I'm by a
kirpan any hater look in them and
sideways I don't like them no I don't
even know how I feel about you doing
this podcast I have no idea how much or
how little impact I have on your doing
this podcast yeah I thought so because
I'm pushing all of you so hard to do
voice more than anybody and I know
you're gonna win you're about to build a
much bigger audience because a lot of
people want to watch your videos but
they're busy and now that winter on
their treadmill or going to work they're
gonna listen to this and they would have
never watched this it's a big deal so
for me I wrote this book because I can't
believe after where I was even when you
and I met where I was on the pedestal of
leadership on this genre
where I've gone in the last 15 months is
a totally different place right how do
you think Craig yeah I think next time
I'll be like the level of comfort that I
am I hope you guys enjoyed this how-to
podcast series let me know if you like
this video and hit that subscribe button
down below for new videos every single
week like two videos a week you can
listen or view the Gary Vaynerchuk
interview right now we're actually 14
episodes into the creative exchange as
we speak which is crazy if the most of
you how to podcasts docu-series already
but the beauty of posting it to youtube
is I'm seeing your comments I'm seeing
your feedback and I can update as I go
along so if you have any questions about
this process let me know in the last
episode we got some advice from Debbie
Millman herself she's incredible but she
said I needed to have a little artwork
upgrade so welcome the new art my name
is a little bit bigger the colors are a
little bit updated and I like it well
guys thank you so much for watching stay
peachy okay pull up the motor cache I
got a show today
trying to do hustling motivate choppers
are throwaway hustle the overweight
that's why they follow me huh
they think I know the way